Fix typo in activerecord documentation (#43252)
rails/rails: activerecord/CHANGELOG.md

>     `strict_loading` was set to false. This is a bug effecting more than
>     Active Storage which is why I made this PR superceeding #41461. We need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `strict_loading` was set to false. This is a bug affecting more than
    Active Storage which is why I made this PR superseding #41461. We need
```
